src/README.md, before:

# Using Bazel with Rust, gRPC, protobuf, and Docker

> **NOTE**: Buck2 was recently released and part of the motivation for this doc
> is providing a simple example of using Bazel and then replicating it with Buck2
> to learn how the two compare.

I was asked for examples, pointers, or warnings from my experience using Bazel
for rust and decided to write up this doc as a response. My experience with
Bazel like build systems comes from my prior work in larger tech
organizations (including using Blaze at Google), and I've found it can feel
harder than it is to use these systems when you're not already building on top
of existing infrastucture.

I was suprised that when I started using Bazel for Rust I ran into less roadblocks
than I expected. While there weren't any roadblocks, there were definetly plenty of
speedbumps I hit and this doc will share how I dealt with them.

Bazel provides a lot of flexability, and I'll share the choices I made but they aren't
the only way or the right way to do things, just the way I did.

If you're interested in why you should use a monorepo, this doc will disappoint you.
I'm just focusing on how to use Bazel here, not why. Monorepos address certain painpoints
that occur when you have lots of projects that all depend on each other.If cargo is working
great for you, then you probably don't need or want a system like Bazel or Buck2. If you do want
to try Bazel with rust, hopefully this doc will help you.

Inspired by the style of [Learn Rust With Entirely Too Many Linked Lists](https://rust-unofficial.github.io/too-many-lists/), if you walk through the examples in this doc you'll see some of the speed-bumps hit and how to deal with them. Here's the [working example](https://github.com/Heeten/hello-monorepo-bazel-example) from going through the book.

Commit message:

Finished all the pages. Going to walk through it myself again now

src/README.md, after:

# Using Bazel with Rust, gRPC, protobuf, and Docker

> **NOTE**: Buck2 was recently released and part of the motivation for this doc
> is providing a simple example of using Bazel and then replicating it with Buck2
> to learn how the two compare.

This doc walks through creating a rust library (crate), rust binary, docker image, and then a Google Cloud run service
all using Bazel. When I started using Bazel for Rust that I ran into less roadblocks
than I expected, but there were lots of speedbumps and I hope this walk-through helps with that.

Bazel provides lots of flexability and in this doc I make certain choices on conventions for directory structure and
crate naming that have worked for me, but they aren't the only way to do things and encourage you to choose what
feels best to you.

This doc won't cover when or why to use monorepos. There's a lot written on that. If cargo is working great for you,
you probably don't need Bazel or Buck2. If you think you might want to explore that, this doc shows you how to get
a functional setup in place.

If you find any issues with this book please open a bug report at https://github.com/Heeten/hello-monorepo-bazel/issues
